blog: on building for the right processor (#1022)
tilt-dev/tilt.build: docs/faq.md

- `DOCKER_API_VERSION`: Set the version of the API.
- `DOCKER_CERT_PATH`: Set the path to load the TLS certificates from.
- `DOCKER_TLS_VERIFY`: To enable or disable TLS verification when using `DOCKER_CERT_PATH`, off by default.
- `DOCKER_DEFAULT_PLATFORM`: To set the architecture of built images.

> This is helpful if you have a more powerful machine in the cloud that you want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is helpful if you have a more powerful machine in the cloud which you want to use
```

Author: done
